Privacy Policy

​

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the 
collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone 
decided to use this Service.


If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and 
use of information in relation to this policy. We will not use or share 
your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
 585Corp built the Witch of the Woods App as an Ad Supported app. This 
Service is provided by 585Corp at no cost and is intended for use as is.


​

** Information Collection and Use **


* Personal Information *

When using our Apps, 585Corp itself does not collect or store any Personal Information.


Personal Information is information that identifies you or another 
Person, such as a first and last name, address, contact Information like
 Mail/Phone Number, SSN etc. 585Corp Apps do not collect precise 
information about the location of your mobile device.



* Personal Information you provide *


We may collect your information when you communicate directly with us or
 you give to us, through contact forms like E-Mails or otherwise, this 
only includes things you provide - like an E-Mail adress, your chosen 
Name etc.


​

* Third-Party Services *


For a better experience, while using our Service, we rely on these 
third-party services to serve ads or get provided with analytics data 
about crashes and other information, to improve the Apps. These 
third-parties may may collect information used to identify you.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Apps or in a case of an 
error, the app can collect data and information (through third-party 
products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include 
information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
 name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when 
utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and
 other statistics.


In addition, the App may collect certain information automatically, 
including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, your mobile 
devices unique device ID, the IP address of your device, it's operating 
system, type of Internet browsers you use, and information about the way
 you use the Application.



These Third-Party companies may use and collect anonymous data about 
your interests to customize content and advertising in the App or others
 Sites. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but not
 linked to your identity.



For Opt-Out Choices and Third-Party Company Privacy Policies click the following links:

- Admob Ads: https://policies.google.com/privacy
- https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/6048248#zippy=,how-to-opt-out-of-personalized-ads

​

* Cookies *


Cookies are small data files that are commonly used as anonymous unique 
identifiers. These are sent to your browser automatically from the 
websites that you visit and are stored on your device.


This Website does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the
 App may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect 
information and improve services. You have the option to either accept 
or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your 
device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use 
some portions of this Service.


​

** Opt-Out **


You can stop all collection of information simply by uninstalling the 
App. You may use your mobile devices uninstallation process or through 
the App-Store you have downloaded the App from. For Opt-Out choices 
regarding the third-party ad Provider Admob Ads, follow the Link above.



** Security **


585Corp does not collect Personal Information, and employs 
administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect 
your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please 
be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of 
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee 
its absolute security.




** Children’s Privacy **


These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not 
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children 
under 16 years of age. There is no way inside the Apps to provide any personal
information. In the case we discover that a child under 16 has provided 
us with personal information, the information will immediately be 
deleted. If a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has 
provided us with personal information without their consent, please 
contact us to do undertake the necessary actions.



** Links to Other Sites **


This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a 
third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these 
external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you 
to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over 
and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or 
practices of any third-party sites or services.



** Changes to This Privacy Policy **


We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised
 to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of 
any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.


​

This policy is effective as of 2019-01-01



**Contact Us**


If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at 585corp@mailfence.com.

